increasing the accuracy. We want to go in a in a particular route that will reach us to the maximum.
Suppose this is the point where it has the maximum highest accuracy starting somewhere randomly.
We want to reach this point at the fastest rate, right? The acquisition function, the acquisition
function is something that will, that will estimate the height of these points, okay?
Think of this as a contour. You might have seen contour graphs and all where you have say red colors,
dark red colors, wherever the point is very high. The, the value is very high heat maps kind of thing,
right? And the milder the color becomes the, the lower the values are, okay? Think of it like this.
So the acquisition point acquisition function will help you estimate the value of the objective
function at any given point, right? Likewise, the, okay, sorry, the surrogate function. I'm talking about
surrogate function here. Surrogate function will estimate this objective value and the, and the acquisition
function acquisition function will decide what route to take in order to reach the optimal point. So this is the
fundamental idea behind Bayesian optimization. Let's implement this in code. Okay. So we will see a couple